# Exercise 11: Refactoring type hierarchies
This animal simulation program currently only has 1 type of animal, 
let's try to add new animals and share behavior between them using inheritance and delegation.
1. Let's start by adding a dog, the dog can ingest and digest but cannot fly, additionally he can bark.
   1. Extract an Animal superclass from the Pigeon class using the "Extract Superclass" refactoring, 
   make sure your caret is somewhere inside the Pigeon class; make sure to tick the checkboxes in the wizard 
   for the 'ingest' and 'digest' methods. if you forget you can still pull them up using the "Pull methods up" refactoring.
   2. Once the superclass is created go to it and 'alt+enter' with your caret on the class' name(Animal) ;
   the menu that appears should allow you to create a subclass, name it Dog
   3. Add the suckle method to it, the implementation is less important for this exercise
   4. Add the bark method to it, the implementation is less important for this exercise
2. Now add the Bat class, the bat is a mammal and can suckle like the dog, but it cannot bark so let's introduce 
a new intermediate class 'Mammal'. 
   1. Use the same procedure as above to introduce the Mammal and the Bat Class(no need to add any additional methods yet).
3. The bat can also fly like the pigeon though. Since the Bat class already extends Mammal and java does not support multiple inheritance
   we cannot use inheritance to share the flying behavior with the pigeon. We can mimic traits though in java by using interfaces and delegates. 
   1. First create an interface "Flying" using the "Extract Interface" refactoring in the Pigeon class; pulling up the members
         "fly" and "getKmFlown".
   2. Now go back to the Pigeon class and use the "extract delegate" refactoring, selecting the same methods, 
   note that you will also have to select the corresponding fields, let's call the class "FlyingAnimal".
   3. Make the bat also implement the Flying interface and delegate the methods to an instance of "FlyingAnimal"